Adds the AWS SNS Notification channel (#81)
laravel-notification-channels/channels: README.md

[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/laravel-notification-channels/aws-sns/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/laravel-notification-channels/aws-sns/?branch=master)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel-notification-channels/aws-sns.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel-notification-channels/aws-sns)

This package makes it easy to send notifications using [AWS SNS](https://aws.amazon.com/pt/sns/) with Laravel 5.5+ and 6.0.
Since Laravel already ships with SES email support, this package focuses on sending only SMS notifications for now.
More advanced features like support for topics could be added in the future.

## Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
	- [Setting up the AwsSns service](#setting-up-the-aws-sns-service)
- [Usage](#usage)
	- [Available Message methods](#available-message-methods)
- [Changelog](#changelog)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Security](#security)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

You can install the package via composer:

``` bash
composer require laravel-notification-channels/aws-sns
```

> Add the service provider (only required on Laravel 5.4 or lower):

Reviewer: can remove this since only laravel > 5.5 is supported.

    {
        return [SnsChannel::class];
    }

    public function toSns($notifiable)
    {
        return "Your {$notifiable->service} account was approved!";
        
        // or 

        return new SnsMessage("Your {$notifiable->service} account was approved!");
        
        // or

        return SnsMessage::create()
            ->body("Your {$notifiable->service} account was approved!")
            ->transactional();
    
        // or

        return SnsMessage::create([
            'body' => "Your {$notifiable->service} account was approved!",
            'transactional' => true
        ]);

        // or

        return SnsMessage::create([
            'body' => "Your {$notifiable->service} account was approved!"
        ])->promotional();
    }
}
```

In order to let your Notification know which phone are you sending to, the channel 
will look for the `phone`, `phone_number` or `full_phone` attribute of the 
Notifiable model. If you want to override this behaviour, add the 
`routeNotificationForSns` method to your Notifiable model.

```php
public function routeNotificationForSns()
{
    return '+1234567890';
}
```

### Available SnsMessage methods

> - `create([])`: Accepts an array of key-values where the keys corresponds to the methods bellow and the values are passed as parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `create([])`: Accepts an array of key-values where the keys corresponds to the methods below and the values are passed as parameters.
```

> - `body('')`: Accepts a string value for the notification body. Messages with more than 140 characters will be splitted into many by SNS without breaking any words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `body('')`: Accepts a string value for the notification body. Messages with more than 140 characters will be split into multiple messages by SNS without breaking any words.
```
